tell me about Captain America I never
thought this is what heroes were like we
brought you together because we needed
heroes his team we assembled we can't
even avenge ourselves how's your love
life money doesn't make you a better
hero sure doesn't hurt you're nothing
without that hammer you don't think I
see things that man doesn't stand for
anything and people love it for it I
don't have a drinking problem where does
that leave us the only people you are
married to your job and your wife
everything to use a chance to be a hero
you never say thank you that's what the
money is for things aren't what they
used to be I'm unhappy everybody's
unhappy
yeah
on the die